Notes for October 3 Meeting:

JW: 
Questions ahead - 

- Do we want the next layer of repositories (repositories owned by the users identified in the initial queries)? And do those go into the repos dataset after checking for duplicate status?
    - Yes - moving to the next layer of data.
    - Each generation task will need a new generate.py script
    - Add users to the user table and repo to the repo table if not already in table.
    - Create a join table connecting new repos to the users
    - Be sure to delete join table at the beginning if using append.
    - In this next layer, we are getting:
        - User repos
        - User orgs
        - User followers (users)
        - User following
        - User subscriptions (repos)
    - Jeri will work on these.
    
- As we gather followers, subscribers, do those go into the users dataset in addition to the join dataset?
    - yes, but check first so not duplicating.

- How are we using the search_queries_join_dataset? should I record the requests for connected followers and/or repos here as well? Or is this primarily calls to the search api?
    - No. Create a new join table for each of the above.

- We should chat about the stackbit-projects and gitter-badger users.
    - We need to blacklist these.
    
- Need to chat about repo watchers and Github Apps
    - Does work just need to use subscribers_url rather than subscriptions -- whoops!
    - Zoe will work on getting forks and watchers for repos

- We should about DH conference
    - Decided to use our JDH Abstract as a baseline
    - Jeri will add in footnotes and Zoe will pull in some secondary lit on DH collaboration
    - Also need to generate initial graphs (repos, users over time)

